
DSE brokers urge BSEC to lift floor price on Beximco, Islami Bank
DSE Brokers Association said the imposition of floor prices on these stocks has created a negative perception of the country's capital market among international investors.
Collage: TBS
Collage: TBS

The Dhaka Stock Exchange Brokers Association of Bangladesh (DBA) has urged the Bangladesh Securities and Exchange Commission (BSEC) to withdraw the floor price on Beximco Ltd and Islami Bank Bangladesh and allow normal trading of the stocks.

In a letter sent to the capital market regulator yesterday (3 May), the DBA requested the immediate withdrawal of the floor price for the two companies.

The letter said that due to the floor price imposed by the commission, Beximco Ltd has remained largely inactive in the stock market for a prolonged period. Similarly, other floor-priced stocks, including Islami Bank Bangladesh PLC, have hit the floor price, restricting trading for sellers.
The Business Standard Google News Keep updated, follow The Business Standard's Google news channel

It added that continued trading restrictions are pushing many shareholders into negative equity, particularly those who have taken margin loans from market intermediaries.

The association also said the imposition of floor prices on these stocks has created a negative perception of the country's capital market among international investors.

The floor price mechanism was introduced in July 2022 to prevent excessive market declines.

The regulator lifted floor prices in phases, with the final round in August 2024, leaving only Beximco and Islami Bank under the restriction.

In August 2024, the BSEC removed the floor price from four stocks – Shahjibazar Power, Khulna Power, Meghna Petroleum, and BSRM Limited.
Bangladesh / Economy / Top News

Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) / DSE Brokers Association of Bangladesh (DBA) / Beximco / Islami Bank
Comments

While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderation decisions are subjective. Published comments are readers’ own views and The Business Standard does not endorse any of the readers’ comments.
Top Stories

    West Bengal Assembly Election 2026 tally results. Photo: Collected: Hindustan Times
    BJP's Bengal tally may breach 200; Election Commission starts releasing winners' names
    Prime Minister Tarique Rahman held a meeting with officials concerned to discuss the reopening of closed factories under the Textiles and Jute Ministry on 4 May 2026. Photo: PMO
    PM orders simplifying project approval process to attract investment
    Customers lock 5 bank branches in Ctg over 'haircut' proposal
    Customers lock 5 bank branches in Ctg over 'haircut' proposal

MOST VIEWED

    Representational image: Collected
    Cabinet approves tax relief for brand new electric vehicle imports
    Eastern Refinery Limited (ERL). Photo: Collected
    Dhaka in deep talks with IsDB over $1b Eastern Refinery loan terms 
    Screengrab of video shows the damaged Z9K Maersk ship at the outer anchorage of Chattogram Port on Friday, 1 May. Photo: Collected
    Maersk vessel damaged in collision with another ship at Ctg port
    Photo: Collected
    Wasa excavation damages Titas pipeline; gas supply suspended in Gulshan-Badda areas
    Representational image. Picture of frozen shrimp. Photo: Collected
    From shrimp slump to snack lines: Seafood exporters find lifeline in frozen food
    Photo: Collected
    Govt sends 16 more DIGs, 1 additional DIG into forced retirement

Features
Timely weather forecasts and early warning systems can support farmers in making better decisions. Photo: Rajib Dhar 
Forecast-based rice farming can transform Bangladesh’s agriculture
27m | Thoughts
Day labourers gather with bicycles fitted with baskets and tools, waiting for work. Photo: Faisal Uddin Siam
From dawn trains to empty hands: Rajshahi’s jogalis struggle for daily work
23h | Panorama
Even when women are employed and earning, they often do not control it. Photo: Syed Zakir Hossain 
Women’s economic empowerment and the upcoming budget of Bangladesh
23h | Panorama
The 100–125cc segment continues to offer the best balance of affordability, usability, and most importantly, fuel economy. PHOTO: Collected
Five bikes that help stretch every litre further
1d | Wheels
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Play War Thunder now for freeWar Thunder
Join new Free to Play WWII MMO War ThunderWar Thunder
Why Many Dentists Could Soon Be Recommending Screwless Implant ApproachesDetail Threaded
How Industrial Machines Could Be Reaching New Levels of EfficiencyDetail Threaded
2027 Super Bowl Odds: Rams, Ravens Move Up After Recent TradesFox Sports
Best Super Bowl Betting Sites & Sportsbook PromosFox Sports
Ronaldo, Georgina to break huge Saudi law, authorities to 'turn a blind eye'It also looks like Ronaldo is set to break a Saudi Arabia law by living together with partner Georgina Rodriguez. The pair are not married and under Saudi law, it is illegal to live in the same house without being married. Despite the law, the pair are not expected to be punished by authorities.
'Creative' question in HSC Bangla exam raises uproarAfter the technical edu board’s blunder Sunday, now Dhaka board’s Bangla question paper is in the spotlight
More Videos from TBS
Merger pokes Trump again over weapons stockpiles
Merger pokes Trump again over weapons stockpiles
27m | Videos
Cenbank plans Tk40,000cr refinance scheme to revive closed factories
Cenbank plans Tk40,000cr refinance scheme to revive closed factories
47m | TBS Insight
3 dead after Hantavirus appears on cruise ship MV Hondius
3 dead after Hantavirus appears on cruise ship MV Hondius
1h | TBS English
What is the magic of Thalapathy Vijay in Tamil Nadu?
What is the magic of Thalapathy Vijay in Tamil Nadu?
1h | Videos
Stocks
TBS Report
03 May, 2026, 09:50 pm
Last modified: 03 May, 2026, 09:55 pm
Related News

    Interim Condensed Financial Statements| Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) Plc
    Price Sensitive Disclosure | Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) Plc
    Interim Condensed Financial Statements | Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) PLC
    Notice of Annual General Meeting | Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) PLC
    Dividend bonanza: Reckitt Benckiser to pay record Tk333 per share

Reckitt's profit slump 28% in Q1
At the end of March 2026, its earnings per share (EPS) declined to Tk23.26, which was Tk32.45 in the same time of the previous year. 
Representational image. Photo: Collected
Representational image. Photo: Collected

Reckitt Benckiser Bangladesh, a listed multinational on the bourses, reported a 9.99% year-on-year decline in revenue and a 28.31% drop in net profit after tax in the first quarter of 2026.

During the January to March quarter, its revenue declined to Tk132.61 crore, a lower from Tk147.34 crore, while its profit declined to Tk10.99 crore, a lower from Tk15.33 crore in the same time of the previous year, its report showed. 

At the end of March 2026, its earnings per share (EPS) declined to Tk23.26, which was Tk32.45 in the same time of the previous year. 
The Business Standard Google News Keep updated, follow The Business Standard's Google news channel

The quarterly financials published today (3 May) on the stock exchanges. Following the financials results, the company's shares fell 2.69% or Tk93.4 each closed at Tk3,377 each at the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE).

In 2025, Reckitt Benckiser reported a profit of Tk81.71 crore with an EPS of Tk172.93, which was Tk75.20 crore and EPS of Tk159.17 in 2024, its data showed. 

Based on its financials, its board recommended a 1,730% final cash dividend meaning that Tk173 against each shares.

To approve its financials and dividend by the general shareholders, the MNC scheduled its annual report on 29 June thorough the digital platform.

Reckitt Benckiser had paid a record-high 3,330% cash dividend for 2024 to its shareholders.

Reckitt Benckiser (Bangladesh) PLC is a subsidiary of the UK-based Reckitt Benckiser Group plc. It is a well-known manufacturer of health, hygiene, and home products, with several leading brands in Bangladesh.

The company manufactures and marketed of households (hygiene), toiletries and pharmaceutical (health) product. 

Reckitt Benckiser is a well-known and trusted company in Bangladesh's FMCG sector. It offers a wide range of products, including Dettol, Harpic, Lizol, Trix, Mr Brasso, and Veet.

As of March this year, out of its total shares, sponsor-directors held 82.96%, government 3.77%, institutional shareholders 6.80%, foreign 0.01% and general public held 6.46%.
Bangladesh / Top News

Reckitt Benckiser
Comments

While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderation decisions are subjective. Published comments are readers’ own views and The Business Standard does not endorse any of the readers’ comments.
